tile.carbon.portal.name=Carboon Portaal
tile.carbon.grinder.name=Slijper
tile.carbon.dirt.0.name=Jord
tile.carbon.dirt.1.name=Jord Bakstenen
tile.carbon.grass.name=Grasblok
tile.carbon.timeBox.name=Tijddoos
tile.carbon.antHill.name=Miereneheuvel
tile.carbon.stairsLepidodendron.name=Lepidodendron Trap
tile.carbon.stairsCalamites.name=Calamites Trap
tile.carbon.stairsCordaites.name=Cordaites Trap
tile.carbon.stairsSigillaria.name=Sigillaria Trap
tile.carbon.stairsGraniteBrick.name=Graniet Trap
tile.carbon.stairsLimestoneBrick.name=Kalkstenen Trap
tile.carbon.sand.name=Zand
tile.carbon.clearGlass.name=Helder Glas
tile.carbon.vine.name=Klimop
tile.carbon.tallgrass.name=Bregne
tile.carbon.compressor.name=Compressor (WIP)
tile.carbon.tilledDirt.name=Bewerkte Aarde
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.0.name=Graniet
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.1.name=Granietkeien
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.2.name=Granieten Metselstenen
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.3.name=Kalksteen
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.4.name=Kalksteen Metselstenen
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.5.name=Sediment
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.6.name=Fossielen
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.7.name=Gouderts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.8.name=Hematieterts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.9.name=Pyrieterts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.10.name=Diamanterts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.11.name=Gouderts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.12.name=Hematieterts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.13.name=Pyrieterts
tile.carbon.multiBlock1.14.name=Blok van Pyriet
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.0.name=Granieten Zonnesteen
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.1.name=Granieten Zonnesteen
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.2.name=Gebeteild Graniet
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.3.name=Graniettegels
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.4.name=Kalksteentegels
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.5.name=Schaaktegels
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.6.name=Koolstoferts
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.7.name=Gebeiteld Kalksteen
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.8.name=Pyrieten Metselstenen
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.9.name=Blok van Hematiet
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.10.name=Decoratieve Kalksteen
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.11.name=Basalt
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.12.name=Basalten Metselstenen
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.13.name=Spinnenweb Graniet
tile.carbon.multiBlock2.14.name=Gebeiteld Basalt

tile.carbon.multiBlock3.0.name=Meteorite Block
tile.carbon.multiBlock3.1.name=Meteorite Light Ore
tile.carbon.multiBlock3.2.name=Meteorite Red Ore
tile.carbon.multiBlock3.3.name=Basalt Encrusted Diamond

tile.carbon.wood.0.name=Lepidodendron Hout
tile.carbon.wood.1.name=Calamites Hout
tile.carbon.wood.2.name=Cordaites Hout
tile.carbon.wood.3.name=Sigillaria Hout
tile.carbon.planks.0.name=Lepidodendron Planken
tile.carbon.planks.1.name=Calamites Planken
tile.carbon.planks.2.name=Cordaites Planken
tile.carbon.planks.3.name=Sigillaria Planken
tile.carbon.leaves.1.0.name=Lepidodendron Bladeren
tile.carbon.leaves.1.1.name=Calamites Bladeren
tile.carbon.leaves.1.2.name=Cordaites Bladeren
tile.carbon.leaves.1.3.name=Sigillaria Bladeren
tile.carbon.sapling.0.name=Jonge Lepidodendron
tile.carbon.sapling.1.name=Jonge Calamites
tile.carbon.sapling.2.name=Jonge Cordaites
tile.carbon.sapling.3.name=Jonge Sigillaria
tile.carbon.woodSlab.lepidodendron.name=Lepidodendron Plaat
tile.carbon.woodSlab.calamites.name=Calamites Plaat
tile.carbon.woodSlab.cordaites.name=Cordaites Plaat
tile.carbon.woodSlab.sigillaria.name=Sigillaria Plaat
tile.carbon.wallsRock.0.name=Granieten Muur
tile.carbon.wallsRock.1.name=Granietkeien Muur
tile.carbon.wallsRock.2.name=Granieten Metselstenen Muur
tile.carbon.wallsRock.3.name=Kalkstenen Muur
tile.carbon.wallsRock.4.name=Kalkstenen Metselstenen Muur
tile.carbon.wallsRock.5.name=Aardem Muur
tile.carbon.pillars.0.name=Granieten Pilaar
tile.carbon.pillars.1.name=Kalkstenen Pilaar
tile.carbon.pillars.2.name=Basalt Pilaar
tile.carbon.coral.0.name=Tabulate Koraal
tile.carbon.coral.1.name=Breinkoraal
tile.carbon.coral.2.name=Rood Koraal
tile.carbon.coral.3.name=Rotskoraal
tile.carbon.coral.4.name=Gloeiend Koraal
item.carbon.flippers.name=Flippers
item.carbon.rawDragonfly.name=Libel
item.carbon.cookedDragonfly.name=Gekookte Libel
item.carbon.rawAmphibian.name=Rauw Amfibieënvlees
item.carbon.cookedAmphibian.name=Gekookt Amfibieën
item.carbon.net.name=Netto
item.carbon.multipleItems.1.name=Ijzerbrok
item.carbon.multipleItems.2.name=Ijzerertsklompen
item.carbon.multipleItems.3.name=Pyrietkristal
item.carbon.multipleItems.4.name=Hematiet
item.carbon.multipleItems.5.name=Staf des Tijds
item.carbon.multipleItems.6.name=Ammonietenschelp
item.carbon.multipleItems.7.name=Brachiopodeschelp
item.carbon.multipleItems.8.name=Parel
item.carbon.multipleItems.9.name=Graniet Tandwiel
item.carbon.multipleItems.10.name=Amfibieënhuid
item.carbon.multipleItems.11.name=Haaientand
item.carbon.multipleItems.12.name=Libelvleugels
item.carbon.multipleItems.13.name=Koolstofpoeder
item.carbon.multipleItems.0.name=Lepidodendron Deur
item.carbon.multipleItems.14.name=Calamites Deur
item.carbon.multipleItems.15.name=Cordaites Deur
item.carbon.multipleItems.16.name=Sigillaria Deur
item.carbon.multipleItems.17.name=Amfibieënhuidendeur
item.carbon.grindingStones.0.name=Slijpsteen
item.carbon.grindingStones.1.name=Ijzeren Slijpsteen
item.carbon.amphibianSkinHelmet.name=Amfibieënhuid Helm
item.carbon.amphibianSkinChest.name=Amfibieënhuid Borstplaat
item.carbon.amphibianSkinLegging.name=Amfibieënhuid Broek
item.carbon.amphibianSkinBoot.name=Amfibieënhuid Laarzen
item.carbon.huntersBow.name=Jagersboog
item.carbon.rawAnt.name=Mier
item.carbon.cookedAnt.name=Gekookte Mier
item.carbon.quiver.name=Pijlenkoker

container.grinder=Slijper
itemGroup.carboniferous=Carbon Mod
death.attack.brachiopodDamage=%1$s geprobeerd een handvat Brachiopode
entity.carboniferous.dragonfly.name=Meganeura
entity.carboniferous.brachiopod.name=Brachiopode
entity.carboniferous.ammonite.name=Ammoniet
entity.carboniferous.dendrerpeton.name=Dendrerpeton
entity.carboniferous.mesothelae.name=Mesothelae
entity.carboniferous.orthacanthus.name=Orthacanthus
entity.carboniferous.crassigyrinus.name=Crassigyrinus (WIP)
entity.carboniferous.crab.name=Krab
entity.carboniferous.dimetrodon.name=Dimetrodon
        
entity.carboniferous.giantMeganeura.name=Gigantische Meganeura
